Hints for Obb

I didn't have a chance to put in some cheat codes, so here are some
general strategy tips. Obb is *both* a tile-placement puzzle game *and*
a real-time strategy / tower defense game. If you overlook one of those
two aspects, you won't do well in the game. So don't come complaining to
me if the tile placing got in the way of your tower defensing, because
it's an essential part of the game. :)

Take some time getting used to the interface. Make sure you understand
what each piece does, because it might be helpful in your strategy.


Tile placement tips:

You want to make as many branches as possible whenever possible. You
should get in the habit of trashing most non-branching pieces you see.
The non-branching pieces are really only useful if you need to get out
of a tight spot or cross stalks against each other. Remember you can
trash a tile with right-click, so branch early and often, and trash
anything that gets in the way.

A single hex on the map can be put to multiple uses. Stalks can go
through it and an organ can occupy the center. Use hexes as efficiently
as possible. Don't hesitate to build organs over stalks or vice versa.

Try not to cut off any one color from any part of the map. When you're
placing tiles, think about whether you're making it difficult to get
one of the three colors into some area. You can technically expand into
an area just with the green pieces, but you won't last long without the
oranges, and there's really no point without the purples. Try to develop
them evenly. Oranges aren't essential at the very beginning, but they
will be later, so don't cut them off completely.

Finally, don't hesitate to chop pieces off and try again!


Real-time strategy tips:

So, it's not the most awesomely balanced tower defense in the world, but
it's okay. There are a couple of organs you can ignore. Cubes are not
really essential. Many of the organs will be obsoleted by later ones.
Don't hesitate to replace them if you need the real estate.

The amount of danger you're in depends on two things: how far out you've
expanded, and how many organs you have (the number in the lower-right).
You can stay a little safer by building densely. You don't have to put
an organ in every single hex, but try to get one in a lot of them. Also
try to expand out evenly in all directions. Don't put all your
development into one half of the map.

Your progress is really about one thing: how many mutagen pods you have.
This is the one with the blue ball. Each one you grow unlocks a new
organ. So if you want to progress, grow as many of these as you can, and
pay attention to what's keeping you from doing that.

Remember that if you don't remember what an organ does, you can point to
it and Obb will tell you if tips are enabled. You can toggle tips by
clicking on the mouth.



